
PROJECT SELECTION AND DEVELOPMENT

Please carefully follow the steps below:

0) Form your project team. A project team can consist of one, two, or three students: 
the total workload assigned will vary accordingly.

1) Plan a starting date for your project work (if you are part of a team, 
find an agreement with your team-mates on when to start).

2) Select one of the proposed topics and, when you are ready to start, send an e-mail 
both to the project supervisors and to prof. V.Caglioti in cc, including 
(i) your preferred topic (or a list of topics in preference order),  
(ii) the name of all the students in the team, and their e-mail address,
(iii) your option between FULL project and SHORT project 

PLEASE KEEP IN MIND THAT FOR A FULL PROJECT MARK IS UP TO 30/30 (cum laude), 
WHILE FOR SHORT PROJECT THE MAXIMUM MARK IS 25/30.

If the project is still available, it will be assigned to you(r team). 
Otherwise, you will be asked to select an other topic.

IMPORTANT: once the project has been assigned to your team, you have to start 
working on it within 15 days. 
After fifteen days have elapsed without starting the project, the assignment will be 
cancelled and the project topic will be available again for assignment to other teams.  

NOTE: of course you can contact the supervisor in this phase to ask for 
preliminary information about the project, 
but this is not sufficient have the project assigned: 
to have a project assigned to you, you have to follow step 2.

3) Then contact the project Supervisor, in order to exactly define the specification of your project. 
The Supervisor is indicated after the title of each topic in the IACV 2022_2023 
Project Topics file.

4) During the project development you are warmly invited to interact frequently with the Supervisor, 
with the Teacher, and with your colleagues, in order to identify good solution approaches: 
this is not something you have to do on you own; on the contrary you are encouraged 
to exchange ideas with people in order to produce the best possible result.

5) Pay attention to both the delivery requirements and to the deadline (see next paragraphs)



PROJECT DELIVERY: WHAT

The project delivery for a FULL Project must include the following items:

(i) The developed code (e.g. Matlab) with user instructions

(ii) Experimental files: all what is needed to replicate experiments or 
to compare your approach with subsequent approaches in future projects, including 
    - input images or videos, 
    - possible text files with additional information about 
       acquisition conditions (e.g. camera intrisic parameters), 
    - ground truth (e.g. true positions or identification or trajectory of observed objects), 
    - intermediate results of your processing algorithm, 
    - final results of your processing algorithm.

(iii) A well-written self-sufficient pdf report including 
    - the problem formulation (with a short motivation of its relevance), 
    - a short outline of the state of the art, 
    - your solution approach, 
    - the description of your implementation, 
    - the experimental activity and the analysis of experimental results, 
    - final conclusions, also including some problems left open

(iv) Slides for an oral presentation: same structure as the report structure


The project delivery for a SHORT project must include the following items:

(i) The developed code (e.g. Matlab) with user instructions

(ii) Experimental files: all what is needed to replicate experiments or 
to compare your approach with subsequent approaches in future projects, including 
    - input images or videos, 
    - possible text files with additional information about 
       acquisition conditions (e.g. camera intrisic parameters), 
    - ground truth (e.g. true positions or trajectory of observed objects), 
    - intermediate results of your processing algorithm, 
    - final results of your processing algorithm.

(iii) Slides for an oral presentation: same structure as the report structure 
(see delivery for Full Project, item (iii)) 


PROJECT DELIVERY: WHERE

All the above listed items must be compressed into a single zip file, 
and the produced zip file must be named after 
(i) the topic number and name, and (ii) the students' names. E.g., 
08Waterpolo_Dirac_Fermi_Zhang, or 04CarSpeed_Pavlidis. 
The zip file must be uploaded into the Project Delivery directory in the 
Beep Platform space of the IACV course. 
In addition, the project report (only for Full Project) and the slides presentation 
(for both Full and Short project) must also be sent to Prof. Caglioti at vincenzo.caglioti@polimi.it


PROJECT DELIVERY: WHEN 

The dealine for project delivery is two days before date of the exam call, 
when you wish to register the final mark.

While planning project delivery time, please allow some time for the Supervisor 
to read the project and possibly suggest you some needed modifications. 



PROJECT EVALUATION

Project evaluation will be based on four main aspects: 
1) the scientific and technical quality of your contribution,
2) the quality of the delivery (report, presentation, code, experimental files),
3) self-organization and exploration capabilities (ability in solving practical issues, 
such as finding or constructing suitable datasets, and in exploring the state-of-the-art in your topic)
4) the quality of your coordination with the Supervisor (autonomy, capability of 
elaborating the Supervisor's suggestions, efficacy in exposing your ideas)


FINAL MARK: The IACV exam final mark will reusult from evaluating both the project and the theory-related 
questions posed during the oral exam. In case of homework passed with good evaluation, 
no theory-related quetions will be posed during the oral: therefore in this case the final mark will only 
be based on the project evaluation.


IMPORTANT NOTE: 

many of the proposed project topics can be extended to Graduation Thesis (Tesi di laurea): 
if interested, check with the Supervisor.


 